docs/README.md, before:

<img src="https://kernelsu.org/logo.png" style="width: 96px;" alt="logo">

# KernelSU

### A Kernel-based root solution for Android devices.

Now this fork was based on [this commit](https://github.com/rsuntk/KernelSU/commit/be33f8c3ca6146bbd054b054d63dac7328dcde24)

> [!NOTE]
> Official KernelSU support for Non-GKI kernels has been ended.
> 
> This is unofficial KernelSU fork, all changes are not guaranteed stable!
>
> All rights reserved to [@tiann](https://github.com/tiann), the author of KernelSU.
>

[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/luyanci/KernelSU?label=Release&logo=github)](https://github.com/luyanci/KernelSU/releases/latest)
[![Latest LKM release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/luyanci/ksu-lkm?label=Release&logo=github)](https://github.com/luyanci/ksu-lkm/releases/latest)
[![Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-Telegram-blue.svg?logo=telegram)](https://t.me/rsukrnlsu)
[![License: GPL v2](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v2-orange.svg?logo=gnu)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tiann/KernelSU?logo=gnu)](/LICENSE)

## How to add

```
curl -LSs "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/luyanci/KernelSU/main/kernel/setup.sh" | bash -s main
```

if you want to add SUSFS support,just use this command below:

```
# v1.5.7
curl -LSs "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/luyanci/KernelSU/main/kernel/setup.sh" | bash -s susfs-v1.5.7

# v1.5.5
curl -LSs "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/luyanci/KernelSU/main/kernel/setup.sh" | bash -s susfs-v1.5.5
```

## Hook method

1. **KPROBES hook:**
    - Also used for Loadable Kernel Module (LKM)
    - Default hook method on GKI kernels.
    - Need `CONFIG_KSU_MANUAL_HOOK=n`
    - Require CONFIG_KPROBES
2. **Manual hook:**
    - Standard KernelSU hook: https://kernelsu.org/guide/how-to-integrate-for-non-gki.html#manually-modify-the-kernel-source
    - backslashxx's syscall manual hook: https://github.com/backslashxx/KernelSU/issues/5
    - Default hook method on Non-GKI kernels.
    - Need `CONFIG_KSU_MANUAL_HOOK=y`

## Features

1. Kernel-based `su` and root access management.
2. Module system based on [5ec1cff's Magic Mount API on KernelSU](https://github.com/5ec1cff/KernelSU)
3. [App Profile](https://kernelsu.org/guide/app-profile.html): Lock up the root power in a cage.
4. Bringing back non-GKI/GKI 1.0 support
5. Added bare armeabi-v7a/arm32 support.

## Compatibility State

KernelSU (before v1.0.0) officially supports Android GKI 2.0 devices (kernel 5.10+).

Older kernels (4.4+) are also compatible, but the kernel will have to be built manually.

With more backports, KernelSU can supports 3.x kernel (3.4-3.18).

Currently, only `arm64-v8a` and `armeabi-v7a (bare)` are supported.

## Usage

- [Installation Instruction](https://kernelsu.org/guide/installation.html)
- [How to build?](https://kernelsu.org/guide/how-to-build.html)
- [Official Website](https://kernelsu.org/)

## Discussion

- Official KernelSU Telegram: [@KernelSU](https://t.me/KernelSU)
- Unofficial RKSU Telegram: [@rsukrnlsu_grp](https://t.me/rsukrnlsu_grp)

## Security

For information on reporting security vulnerabilities in KernelSU, see [SECURITY.md](/SECURITY.md).

## License

- Files under the `kernel` directory are [GPL-2.0-only](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html).
- All other parts except the `kernel` directory are [GPL-3.0-or-later](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).

## Credits

- [kernel-assisted-superuser](https://git.zx2c4.com/kernel-assisted-superuser/about/): the KernelSU idea.
- [Magisk](https://github.com/topjohnwu/Magisk): the powerful root tool.
- [genuine](https://github.com/brevent/genuine/): apk v2 signature validation.
- [Diamorphine](https://github.com/m0nad/Diamorphine): some rootkit skills.
- [5ec1cff](https://github.com/5ec1cff): magic mount api implementation.

Commit message:

docs: Update docs related to susfs branch
Signed-off-by: rsuntk <rsuntk@yukiprjkt.my.id>

docs/README.md, after:

<img src="https://kernelsu.org/logo.png" style="width: 96px;" alt="logo">

# KernelSU

### A Kernel-based root solution for Android devices.

Now this fork was based on [this commit](https://github.com/rsuntk/KernelSU/commit/be33f8c3ca6146bbd054b054d63dac7328dcde24)

> [!NOTE]
> Official KernelSU support for Non-GKI kernels has been ended.
> 
> This is unofficial KernelSU fork, all changes are not guaranteed stable!
>
> All rights reserved to [@tiann](https://github.com/tiann), the author of KernelSU.
>

[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/luyanci/KernelSU?label=Release&logo=github)](https://github.com/luyanci/KernelSU/releases/latest)
[![Latest LKM release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/luyanci/ksu-lkm?label=Release&logo=github)](https://github.com/luyanci/ksu-lkm/releases/latest)
[![Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-Telegram-blue.svg?logo=telegram)](https://t.me/rsukrnlsu)
[![License: GPL v2](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v2-orange.svg?logo=gnu)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tiann/KernelSU?logo=gnu)](/LICENSE)

## How to add

```
curl -LSs "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/luyanci/KernelSU/main/kernel/setup.sh" | bash -s main
```

if you want to add SUSFS support,just use this command below:

```
# v1.5.7
curl -LSs "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/luyanci/KernelSU/main/kernel/setup.sh" | bash -s susfs-v1.5.7

# v1.5.5
curl -LSs "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/luyanci/KernelSU/main/kernel/setup.sh" | bash -s susfs-v1.5.5
```

## Suspicious FS (SusFS) Add-On

- `susfs-main`: Synced with latest https://gitlab.com/simonpunk/susfs4ksu.git commit(s), for GKI or non-GKI kernel (backport required).
- `susfs-legacy`: Synced with `kernel-4.19` of https://gitlab.com/simonpunk/susfs4ksu.git, for non-GKI kernel (stuck in susfs-v1.5.5).

## Hook method

1. **KPROBES hook:**
    - Also used for Loadable Kernel Module (LKM)
    - Default hook method on GKI kernels.
    - Need `# CONFIG_KSU_MANUAL_HOOK is not set` & `CONFIG_KPROBES=y`
    - Require CONFIG_KPROBES to work properly.

2. **Manual hook:**
    - Standard KernelSU hook: https://kernelsu.org/guide/how-to-integrate-for-non-gki.html#manually-modify-the-kernel-source
    - backslashxx's syscall manual hook: https://github.com/backslashxx/KernelSU/issues/5
    - Default hook method on Non-GKI kernels.
    - Need `CONFIG_KSU_MANUAL_HOOK=y`

## Features

1. Kernel-based `su` and root access management.
2. Module system based on [5ec1cff's Magic Mount API on KernelSU](https://github.com/5ec1cff/KernelSU)
3. [App Profile](https://kernelsu.org/guide/app-profile.html): Lock up the root power in a cage.
4. Bringing back non-GKI/GKI 1.0 support
5. Added bare armeabi-v7a/arm32 support.

## Compatibility State

KernelSU (before v1.0.0) officially supports Android GKI 2.0 devices (kernel 5.10+).

Older kernels (4.4+) are also compatible, but the kernel will have to be built manually.

With more backports, KernelSU can supports 3.x kernel (3.4-3.18).

Currently, only `arm64-v8a` and `armeabi-v7a (bare)` are supported.

## Usage

- [Installation Instruction](https://kernelsu.org/guide/installation.html)
- [How to build?](https://kernelsu.org/guide/how-to-build.html)
- [Official Website](https://kernelsu.org/)

## Discussion

- Official KernelSU Telegram: [@KernelSU](https://t.me/KernelSU)
- Unofficial RKSU Telegram: [@rsukrnlsu_grp](https://t.me/rsukrnlsu_grp)

## Security

For information on reporting security vulnerabilities in KernelSU, see [SECURITY.md](/SECURITY.md).

## License

- Files under the `kernel` directory are [GPL-2.0-only](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html).
- All other parts except the `kernel` directory are [GPL-3.0-or-later](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).

## Credits

- [kernel-assisted-superuser](https://git.zx2c4.com/kernel-assisted-superuser/about/): the KernelSU idea.
- [Magisk](https://github.com/topjohnwu/Magisk): the powerful root tool.
- [genuine](https://github.com/brevent/genuine/): apk v2 signature validation.
- [Diamorphine](https://github.com/m0nad/Diamorphine): some rootkit skills.
- [5ec1cff](https://github.com/5ec1cff): magic mount api implementation.
- [simonpunk](https://gitlab.com/simonpunk/susfs4ksu): susfs add-on.
